hi YouTube it's your girl love kisses 99
and I'm coming to you today with my
second recipe of the day and this is a
recipe for macaroni and cheese
this is going to make a large pan of
macaroni and cheese so it's for more
than two or three people it's kind of
like for one of those Affairs you go to
and you have to take a dish so just stay
tuned okay
you
okay so now I have the macaroni that's
already been drained and I'm gonna put
in three tablespoons of butter just this
over here I'm gonna stir the butter in
you can use margarine you can use some
Country Crock whichever you know is your
favorite you can most certainly use that
so just stir this in and it's gonna melt
because the macaroni is still hot
and now I'm gonna take a jar of Cheez
Whiz and I'm gonna put this in and this
is gonna melt as well because the
macaroon like I said it's still hot and
this recipe it might be too much piece
for you but this is the way my sons like
it so this is kind of the only way that
I make it so I'm just stirring in that
cheese whiz so mixing this is gonna take
me a minute so I'm going to mix it all
together and I'll be right back and show
you the rest of the process okay so the
cheese is all those cheese's is all
incorporated so now I'm gonna take
regular milk and I'm gonna pour this in
Sturgess tonight
and now we're just going to assemble our
macaroni and cheese just so I have 2
cups of mild cheddar and I have 4 cups
of sharp cheddar the reason that I use
it and with you know like that is
because there's already mild cheese in
it so you want to give it just a little
bit of a bite with the sharp cheese so
this is how we're gonna force the
macaroni in this is a really cheesy
recipe this way they'll be cheese and
I'm going to take quite a bit of the
sharp spread that around
there's add some more the macaroni and
it's just the same process bread the
macaroni around
and then we're going to use more cheese
and just keep away arrangements for
you're all finished
seems like my son's like actually more
cheese than macaroni in their macaroni
and cheese and then I'm just going to
clip the rest of the macaroni right on
the top you might have to mash it down a
little bit because it is going to be a
full pan and make sure when you put it
in the oven that you put it on maybe a
cookie sheet so that way if there's any
drips or anything you won't have to
worry about that it's a clean your stove
once you're done
okay and I'm going to put this aside and
now we're going to add the rest of the
key right
this way when I think that have a nice
crust on the top from the cheese
so what I'm gonna do is put this in the
oven on 350 to 375 for approximately 45
minutes with the foil on after the 45
minutes are up I'm gonna take the foil
off and just let it cook on the top so
that it gets a nice even browning on the
top and you can even put it like right
under your broiler but watch that
closely because the broiler has a
tendency to work really fast and it will
burn your food if you have you're not
watching closely so I'm gonna drop this
in the oven and I'll be back to show you
the end result
you
okay and here we have dinner all done we
have the red beans and rice we have some
collard greens here the macaroni and
cheese and some baked chicken so I'm
really hoping you enjoy your dinner
and hoping you have a good day today and
I'll see you again soon
bye
you